I was just thinking to myself it's been
what 15 16 years since we first met and
both of us had independently heard about
a young woman who had gotten run off the
road and killed in Oklahoma and each of
us we put this together later as we
began to talk to each other each of us
sort of thought to ourselves at the time
gee you know somebody ought to do
something about that while her name was
Karen Silkwood and it took us a couple
years to realize that the somebody was
going to have to be us that citizens
groups need to be formed to really bring
the system to function like it says that
it should and especially with Danny's
legal skills he joined me first of all
in the National Jesuit office that we
just mentioned and with his legal skills
we got involved in Silkwood and a whole
series of other cases that I'm sure you
know about but prior to that Danny had
been a harvard law grad and worked with
a major Wall Street law firm the Cahill
garden firm when I Benigno he was up on
the Onondaga reservation in upstate New
York doing Native American work and I
could tell by the fact that he got a big
hug from one of the Native American
women that this guy must have something
going for him but the average lawyer
doesn't have so I was intrigued by that
I haven't been disappointed since then
I'm sure you won't be tonight Daniel
shyam
great thank you very much we've as you
may know we've just completed last week
doing the oral argument in front of the
Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals in
Miami they finally decided that they're
going to review judge Kings order of
1988 stopping the major civil
prosecution against Richard C chord and
Albert Hakim in the rest of Oliver
Norris off-the-shelf enterprise and we
finally secured the oral argument and
presented our case last week and so
while we're waiting now for the opinion
from the court to remove judge King from
the case and to reopen the major federal
discovery to give us subpoena power once
again to pursue these men we have sort
of taken this time to come back out to
see the folks around the country who
have been supporting us in this campaign
throughout these years and to sort of
attempt to ask the question of ourselves
of how are we doing right now there's a
major concern to state the least among a
lot of the people in the peace and
justice movement in light of this latest
massive display of firepower in the in
the Middle East in the biggest arms
exhibition of many many years and so
that it seems at this point of the the
Easter season in the Passover season the
beginning of a new celestial year that
it's the time when people reappraise
where they are in how they're doing so I
I wanted to come out and help evaluate
ourselves and the peace and justice
community answer this question of how
we're doing it it always it always
reminds me when when someone asked a
general question like that how are you
doing reminds me of henny youngman when
Henny Youngman used to be a swell how's
your wife and you always used to say
compared to what
and so we have to ask ourselves at the
outset of a discussion like this is and
we're asking how are we are how we doing
it has to be compared to what according
to what standard you know that for
example there a lot of people are very
much into saying well are you better off
now than you were last year at this time
or are you better off than your parents
were you hear an awful lot about or are
you you sure are a lot better off than
most anybody else in any other country
and so that this this need to ascertain
what the referent is pursuant to which
we're measuring our well-being is is
very important it's my suggestion that
the the proper standard and the proper
referent to use in accordance with
evaluating how well we're doing is first
of all how are we doing as the human
family in the midst of whatever this
long ongoing positive evolution is of
the human family in the development of
certain fundamental concepts such as the
concept of natural law the the evolution
of the species the evolution of our
consciousness the in this leads of
course to the question of the American
experiment in constitutional government
in democracy so I think we need to ask
ourselves especially as as citizens of
the United States here in the 200th
anniversary year of the finalization of
the Constitution of the United States
with the passage of the bill of rights
in 1791 too we need to ask ourselves how
are we doing as human beings and
Americans who are engaged in this major
experiment in constitutional government
well I think that there as I say there
are a number of key concepts I think at
the outset of a discussion like this
that we need to raise up and get in
front of us so that we can use them as
reference in measuring really how well
we're doing for example the the primary
concept of
the American Constitution and its 200th
year this year was that the central
government was supposed to be a
government of expressly limited powers
that were delegated from the people to
the president into the Congress and that
specifically we had delegated judicial
officials to apply the restraints of the
Constitution against the executive
branch and to hold the executive branch
responsible as they would any other
citizen to the rules of law a second
major concept was that there were three
separate and co-equal branches of
government these were adopted as a
device specifically designed to check
the exuberance 'as of a unilaterally
acting executive specifically the
judiciary again was asked to take on the
unique responsibility in this form of
government to hold the executive to the
rule of law most importantly one of
these rules of law a third precept of
the Constitution was that most
especially that the executive was to be
constrained from this proclivity that
executives had had down through the
centuries to engage in unjust wars to
initiate Wars and to prosecute wars
against foreign entities and powers
without the consent of the governed
without a process of adequate
consultation and of course then to
impose upon the citizenry burdensome
taxes to pay for these owners Wars it
was a classic complaint of the human
family and it was why we gather
ourselves together in this particular
constitutional experiment to place a
check upon that particular historical
practice of the executive most
specifically we set forth in article 1
section 8 of the Constitution the United
States a provision authorizing
exclusively in the United States
Congress to make these decisions as to
whether or not the troops of the United
States would be committed to warfare in
another major premise in section 9 of
article 1 at the very outset of our cast
tution was that there would be no secret
government there would be no secret
expenditure of funds by the executive
branch all monies had to be raised by
the Congress and debated publicly before
they were expended these were
fundamental precepts of the Constitution
there were others in the Bill of Rights
that are extremely important for us to
recall briefly at the outset of our
evaluation of how we are doing at this
particular spring equinox in the 1990
first year of our country the free the
the First Amendment for example the Bill
of Rights a free and independent press a
press which was designed to function in
effect as the Fourth Estate to act as a
check upon unjust government in the
leaders in their policies to set itself
up as a inquiring critiquing objective
critic of unjust policies also freedom
of speech was designed in the First
Amendment of the Constitution to sustain
and to support a concept of an inquiring
and well-informed electorate an
intelligent citizenry that would ask the
questions to read and to get access to
information in open in robust public
debate and of course also in the First
Amendment the freedom of religion to
protect the major spiritual communities
so that they could raise themselves up
to critique the government to hold the
nation up to certain fundamental
precepts of the valuing of human life
the valuing of truth and other
fundamental precepts of the religious
communities now there was also another
fundamental concept in the Second
Amendment of the Constitution this was
the article dealing with the right to
bear arms to provide the only
politically acceptable common defense
for the people because Washington
General Washington in his first in his
farewell address in 1796 his major theme
of his farewell address was to beware of
standing armies beware of a mass
military bureaucracy that would insist
upon raiding the public treasury and
building a standing army he pointed out
the warning that a major standing army
consuming massive portions of your
public treasury will in fact lead you
into foreign wars over and over again
and these are the concepts that were at
the base of the the concept of bringing
us together as a new experiment in human
freedom and a new in vigorous form of
government so it's in this context that
I would like to ask here at the spring
of nineteen ninety one of how are we
doing now I have a little bad news and I
have a little good news you always ask
you know which one would you like to
have first and it reminds me of that
that old story of the of the man who
would come in every spring at the at the
spring equinox he would come and have
his medical checkup he came to the
doctor and had his medical checkup this
year and gets all done and he says to
the doctor he says how I do it the
doctor said well got a little bad news
and I've got a little good news which
one would you like first to the guy says
well gee give me the bad news first and
then let me hear the good news what's
the bad news the doctor says well you
have an incurable disease it's fatal and
you'll be dead by the summertime the guy
says well my god what's the good news
the doctor tourism says you see this
beautiful young nurse over here she and
I are going to be married in June so see
Ronald Reagan Ronald Reagan and George
Bush thinks things are fine they think
that everything is going great that
they're preparing for a wedding feast
they're dancing to a wedding song sort
of sung to the tune of a thousand points
of light specifically I think to ten
specific shiny points of light in their
particular constellation the first of
which of course is the Persian Gulf War
yellow ribbons all across the country
everyone's celebrating ninety-two
percent two down to eighty-seven percent
at the worst positive ratings Operation
Desert rainbow throughout the country
secondly George Bush thinks that he not
only has the American public wrapped up
in a yellow ribbon but also the
Democratic Party and therefore all you
here's is drones of a funeral dirge
basically for the Democratic Party in
1992 that they'll be wrapped up in a
yellow ribbon and delivered in the the
second-biggest juggernaut in in the next
two years in the third issue is that the
Soviet Union is basically collapsing
falling apart before the very eyes of
the Republican Party the Communists are
collapsing everywhere across the globe
the West has finally won the Cold War 45
years of massive repeated military
spending has finally been justified of
all the criticisms that now they are
arguing that look we've defeated the
Soviet Union through a massive economic
expenditure year after year we've
basically bled their public treasury dry
until they went bankrupt they were
putting all of their money into building
these huge and her
continental ballistic missiles and their
economy was destroyed their agriculture
was destroyed you see this was a smart
and wise policy we've just recently
defeated Saddam Hussein we beat Noriega
in Panama we've defeated the sandanista
Nicaragua the only one left around now
for us defeat is Castro and even that
the mayor of the city of Miami is now
having the the police department go
through special drills to prepare for
the massive celebrations in the streets
in fact for the imminent downfall of
Castro and his regime and of course
Germany has been reunited it's better
news for some people than others and
that berlin wall is down now the
european economic community is now
coming to the fore in their inviting
both President Bush and President
Gorbachev to come to their summit
conference in the spring of nineteen
ninety two they're looking toward a
major new northern industrial state
alliance all organized under the
international banking system to give new
loans to the the eastern european
countries for reconstructing them on the
scale of the Marshall Plan giving major
loans to the Soviet Union so they can
invest and become part of the free
market system of course not all of the
Soviet Union primarily the White
Russians the Caucasian Russians of the
Soviet Union the European type Russians
that were part of the Peter the Great's
tradition get rid of those kind of
Slavic sections and the mongolian
sections let them sort of spin off this
is all basically good news to these men
because you can then bring these people
together into a new northern industrial
states alliance this is all good news to
them and of course a great piece of news
that the patriot worked and the scud
didn't work but all of these are
basically overshadowed by the one
overwhelming piece of good news being
sung at the wedding feast of these
particular people and that is by God
they have finally kicked the Vietnam
syndrome
now this is this is their their wedding
feast song now on the other hand
conversely a number of people look upon
this same basic information and here a
funeral dirge basically feel that
they've been given notice that the peace
and justice movement has just received
word that it is terminally ill that the
American public is suffering from an
incurable disease of apathy and
subjectivity too militaristic propaganda
amnesia politically basically that
they're politically brain-dead this is
absolutely horrible totally devastating
no possible chance for resurrection out
of this what's going on every single day
across the city's operation rainbow is a
parades of every of every type of
description each day a new group of
people come home an hour on the front
pages and are being paraded around they
view this actually as epitomizing the
the futility of 25 years of political
organizing in public education from 1965
and trying to oppose the Vietnam War the
ninety two percent approval rating is
just absolute evidence showing that Joe
Sixpack is totally malleable and
manipulatable by Bush and his Madison
Avenue slicksters you know black Manford
and stone and the other public relations
firms that they use instead of political
analysts and of course people in this
particular group look to the national
news media has another great source of
bad news considering them sort of
corporate controlled pigs sort of
feeding at the Pentagon trot of news
being handed out to them every day NBC
owned by General Electric sitting
rubbing their hands in glee watching all
of the jets flying off every single day
in the Middle East with General Electric
engines every one of them on all sides
of the conflict
and in ABC television now owned by cap
city one of the persons on the board of
directors of which was built kc you know
sponsoring Ted Koppel every single night
sort of an ongoing parade of former
heads of dia and in Henry Kissinger and
the former head of the Central
Intelligence Agency and Henry Kissinger
and former secretaries of state and
Henry Kissinger and and just over and
over again coming on CNN actually even
having Richard C chord come on as a
major military expert in the Middle East
not a single mention of what his other
activities have been of late and of
course none of them were outdone by
we're quite as outdone as dan Rather
tears welling up in his eyes as our boys
liberated Kuwait City and pictures of
you know the the Iraqis coming out and
kissing the hands of the US military
guys in the military guys going well
that's okay it's okay now we're here you
know that this was not a lot of good
news for people and they and many people
have said you know with regard to watch
the television if they see general
Schwarzkopf one more time in his brown
and beige Mufti and his Gucci suede
combat boots and his little silver tip
collapsible pointer showing one more
smart bomb basically going down the
chimney of some building and coming up
to the door and ringing the doorbell and
going in exploding in the living room
one of these Iraqis that they're getting
ready to puke and of course they this is
this is all in the context of course of
the ongoing funeral dirge of this
particular sector of the community then
turning around and saying well isn't
there some better news around somewhere
like how about the Savings and Loan
Corporation and the state of the economy
a good stable economy now that we're
being told not ask not subject to any
debate the only debate is whether you're
going to have to pay five hundred
billion dollars or a trillion dollars
that's really where the debate seems to
be going on now you're not given many
additional options and in a certain
sense the that makes the the war news
from Iraq good news because that's the
only place that's in worse ruin than the
savings and loan associations and even
then we are going to have to pay all the
money to reconstruct Iraq we're going to
have to pay the money to reconstruct the
Savings and Loan corporations but of
course then there's a a nagging
understanding that this 500 billion 22
to 1 trillion dollar ticket isn't really
going to be used to reconstruct any kind
of bona fide savings and loan system
it's going to be a major subsidy to
finance these same men buying each
other's Savings and Loan Banks and
pretending that some serious resolution
of this problem has been brought about
and of course then they're told that
don't worry the federal banking system
is next that will now be deregulated in
light of the great success that we've
had with the Savings and Loan
corporations of course then there's the
iran-contra people where you've seen
that all of them basically let go
scot-free even when Oliver North was
originally given that strict sentence of
having to spend two whole months working
in the inner city telling young black
poverty-stricken jobless inner-city
youth that they should just say no to
drugs and of course there's a deep
nagging suspicion that that Oliver North
should know
and of course not even Richard C chord
his two years suspended sentence for
what what did he get the suspended
sentence for 48 million dollars of
embezzled money in the weapon sale no no
didn't want to raise serious charges
against him for how about for selling
the tow missiles to Iran in violation of
the arms Export Control Act a blatant
unequivocal criminal act note wasn't
sentence for that how about selling
billions of dollars with sorry saga
alien of military equipment to Iraq in
violation of the arms Export Control Act
new one of those charges were brought
against him lying no perjury no murder
no cocaine smuggling no instead for
failing to tell Congress the entire
truth about giving a security fence to
Oliver North and for this he gets a
suspended sentence of two years in fact
he got a worse sentence for his single
drug drunk driving conviction in
Virginia now this doesn't strike people
as good news so they say well can we
rely upon the federal judiciary can
people like the Christic Institute the
American Civil Liberties Union b'nai
brith the n-double-a-cp are the others
can they bring these actions before a
court of law and of course they see this
dwindling possibility now with fifty
five percent of the federal judiciary
now having been appointed by Ronald
Reagan or George Bush they see that if
in fact George Bush does sweep to
victory in 1992 in the face of this
massive and impressive Democratic
resistance that that will just give him
more time for more years to appoint more
and more people so that upwards of
almost seventy percent of the federal
judiciary will be appointed by him now
that leads us to the issue of course at
the Democrats in the Democratic Party
and we look out upon the landscape to
determine what type of hope can be
derived from them and we see Michael
Dukakis snoopy in a tank basically
riding around it can't even control
has to choose it anymore it's going
collapsed and he loses the nomination up
there and so they told us that well
don't look to that leadership look to
Tom Foley that that sterling aggressive
you know charismatic character that is
in the Congress you know and/or Richard
gebhardt perhaps who still likes to brag
about being an Eagle Scout back when he
was a kid who defines himself as a
terminal centrist in his own his if one
could ever imagine anyone describing
themselves like that and so they say
therefore we can't really rely upon
these people because of course they're
too liberal so let's take a look to the
right a bit to say I'm none who
basically sleeps in a generals pajamas
probably in a bed shaped like a b-52
each night or maybe Chuck Robb from
Virginia whose greatest and most
intelligent act was marrying Lynda Bird
Johnson after she was turned down by
George Hamilton as I recall not so so
you you look you look out upon this
landscape looking for a source of
cheerfulness and you wonder about the
Congress itself and its entirety sort of
whimpering in the face of president
bush's declaration that he's going to
invade Iraq either with them or without
them is of course so they scrambled
quickly to say well let's tell him it's
okay before he does it a great star war
defense of the constitutional principles
are whiny in the face of Ronald Reagan
and George Bush basically spitting in
their eye and telling them that he's
going to violate the Boland Amendment
and if they won't pay for the money
they'll get it from such stalwarts of
civil liberties as Saudi Arabia that
great ball work of religious freedom for
example and the conclusion that these
people come to is that we come to the
end of the of the decade of the 80s
having watched the corporate hogs
basically slopping at the public trough
the richest ten percent of the country
getting increased wealth to twenty
percent value homeless
on the rise the middle-class and
working-class no longer able to buy
homes as kids the blacks and Hispanics
having no chance of major opportunities
in education less they go into the
military and of course end up getting
sent to the near the next adventure of
the administration and so what people
begin to think in this group is that
these 25 years of working and struggling
and organizing and attempting to educate
the American public have all ended in
the death in defeat of the peace and
justice movement it feels indeed as
Easter approaches like the crucifixion
the people feel in fact that we have all
in the peace and justice movement then
crucified on a cross of yellow ribbon
but it's it's important I think that if
I missed anything I think that this this
this tends to sort of cover a number of
issues that are on people's mind as we
gather together here in the Easter
season and Passover season of 1991 well
I'm here tonight to set the record
straight the fact is in my opinion that
this is a short-sighted self-indulgent
indeed petulant and self-pitying
short-term reaction to the examples of
what we have seen it's understandable
but it's an entirely inadequate analysis
of what's happening I would like to tell
you that rainbows in the desert are
fundamentally an illusion you don't have
rainbows in the desert the fact is that
this threatened juggernaut of 1992
should not be viewed with the absolute
dread of the end of our of our entire
campaign I want you to remember that in
1972 you witnessed the largest single
political landslide in the history of
American politics at the hands of
Richard M Nixon and within two years he
himself was history and went down to
shame and defeat because of facts that
were known to the people
before the election just as we gather
here tonight the facts that are known
about the bush administration are going
to show to you that what you need to
look upon is not just the suffering in
the depression of a good friday or the
being abandoned during passover to
wander in the desert for a period of
years i've come to you tonight to talk
about the issue of Resurrection and of
life and of hope this is in the final
analysis what the spring equinox has
always been about in the human family
the celebration of the cycle of life the
coming back to life I am saying to you
that the Christic Institute itself has
been before Pilate in Miami that
outskirt of civilization and that man
judge King the pilot of Herod's men who
has been appointed to that very seat in
the Outlands of law and order to to do
the will of Herod and that are we have
been condemned by Pilate at the krista
institute to death to summary judgment
to an execution of immediate death of
being ordered to have to raise 1.2
million dollars in cash within a ten day
period and for what has the krista
institute been so condemned by Pilate
for speaking truth to power to
specifically holding up the state to
public ridicule pointing out that the
citizenry should withdraw its absolute
loyalty from this pagan administration
that in fact we have condemned them for
their lies for the murder of the
innocent for their Imperial quests from
there hottie capitals of marble domes
that we have been put to a certain form
of crucifixion at the Crystal Institute
to have been hung upon the cross of
public scourging on the hands of the New
York Times condemned as filing a
scurrilous set of accusations against
upstanding patriotic American
citizens like Jackson globe and Richard
C chord based on secondhand information
we've been condemned in the pages of the
Washington Post they actually went so
far in a major editorial in The
Washington Post to say that the Christic
Institute's accusations against these
men are so reckless and irresponsible
that they've gone so far as to suggest
that certain elements of the Central
Intelligence Agency were actually
working with certain elements of
organized crime to assassinate Fidel
Castro an absolutely established fact
that was proven beyond the shadow of a
doubt in open congressional
investigations by direct first-hand
eyewitness accounts and we've been
condemned for being the false messiah of
the peace and justice movement in the
United States for a falsely promising
the soon coming of the parousia a coming
of heaven on earth the public revelation
in a single lawsuit of the crimes of the
of the state for over a 40-year period
all the way from the Kennedy
assassination to Watergate to Vietnam to
the iran-contra scandal all wrapped in
one major package in presenting an
opportunity for the American public to
evaluate the criminal history of their
own leaders and to bring them to justice
only to have been cast down by Pilate as
a false prophet to be condemned to be
condemned to be crucified in fact in
unable to ever rise again and indeed
they've even gone so far as to publicly
release Barabbas a murderer and a thief
and a liar the Oliver North of his own
times they've condemned the Christic
Institute and we've been hung upon the
cross and left to die now I am
suggesting that in this season of
despair and depression akin to that of
Good Friday that the word of the death
going out of the Christic Institute is
fundamentally premature
I am I am suggesting that it is
premature to begin to wail and bemoaned
the demise of the Christic institute and
its lawsuit against the secret team just
as it is premature to start to bemoan
and bewail the premature death of the
peace and justice movement I'm
suggesting to you tonight that you join
with us to put your shoulder to roll
away the stone to look into the tomb
with me tonight and to see that it is in
fact empty that you need not look among
the land of the dead for those who are
still living among the Christic
Institute and the peace and justice
movement of this country and you can
look upon the road to Damascus where we
are gathering to bring justice to this
country to look at the real situation
that this man faces that I am suggesting
to you tonight that this man is in a
situation that is very similar to the
situation that confronted Richard Nixon
back in 1972 that the great calls for a
political juggernaut against the
democratic party to try to outstrip the
political avalanche of Richard Nixon of
1972 is nothing but the gathering storm
clouds of a major catastrophe facing
this administration and I want to point
out to you what the simple facts are so
that you will know that what I am
Telling You in the same way of what we
came to tell you at the beginning of
1986 about the existence of this
off-the-shelf standalone criminal
enterprise that we brought the news to
the United States about our true facts
that you can rely upon and I was just to
you that this information is going to
start coming out very quickly because an
in last Sunday's liberal newspaper the
San Diego Union
their editorial page editor Robert
Caldwell road as follows America's
stunning victory in the Persian Gulf War
has left the Bush administration looking
masterful and its critics looking simply
wrong amidst the National you report
euphoria few seem to be interested in
reexamining the diplomatic blunders that
last summer led to and indeed invited
war this matter now cries out for
congressional attention what is needed
is a full historical record to set forth
a vital object lesson for this
administration predictably the Bush
administration is resisting any
congressional inquiry into American
policy toward Iraq before hussein
invaded kuwait last august second the
State Department has rebuffed three
separate written requests from two
separate congressional committees
seeking testimony from April glass be
America's ambassador to Iraq in nyon
August second keeping glass be under
wraps muzzled and incommunicado makes
very little sense unless the motive is
not to adjust policy but simply public
relations now as you as we gather here
tonight they have tried to overcome this
by the administration offering April
Glaspie to a friendly private discussion
among some of the people on the hill not
embarrassing her by placing her under
oath and of course having given them all
of the time to be constructing false
chronologies false information false
documents which this administration has
demonstrated that is exactly what it
will do when confronted with any kind of
call for public accounting but the the
editorial then goes on to list a number
of serious questions that really need to
be asked about what was really going on
and these are the questions that have
now been raised by the Christic
institute prior to this in a major
position paper that is available for you
here tonight and it is set forth called
covert operations the Persian Gulf War
and the New World Order
and what I want to do is to discuss
these briefly with you tonight so that
you can see that what really is going on
is a very illusory celebration on the
part of this administration and on the
part of a very shallow analysis on the
part of the American citizenry which
will not hold in fact what we will show
you is that how we did this the Christic
Institute when when this incursion took
place on August second we met with one
of our investigators a professional
investigator of some 35 years experience
fluent in Farsi who is familiar on a
first-name basis with the leadership of
the Saudi Arabian military and used to
in fact be one of the major advisors to
the US military mission in Tehran and he
said to us bill davis and I met with him
and he said look there's a little event
here that has just happened that you
guys ought to take a look into if you
really want to get to the bottom of
what's going on here because immediately
upon the incursion on August second the
Arab nations called together an
emergency Arab summit conference in
Cairo seeking an Arab solution to this
problem and all of the foreign ministers
of all the Arab nations came together in
Cairo in August of 1990 they gathered
together in on August 10th eight days
after the incursion the foreign minister
from Kuwait asaba confronted the foreign
minister from Iraq Tariq Aziz on the
open floor of the Arab summit conference
in Sabah from from Kuwait pointed at
Tariq Aziz from Iraq and he said you
nasty Rascals you guys undertook a
unilateral military invasion of our
country of Kuwait and you ought to be
thrown out of here you guys are really
nasty guys and you better get in big
trouble for this well Tariq Aziz in
front of the entire assembled Arab
leadership pointed at him and said you
had better be extremely careful about
what you say to me in public because we
have copies of transcripts of your
meetings in the foreign ministry in
Kuwait with representatives
American Central Intelligence Agency in
planning a covert operation directed
against Saddam Hussein in the foreign
minister of Kuwait passed out fainted
dead away crash on the floor like that
feet in the air robes rattling down he
went now this turned up on page 24 the
New York Times a little bit later but
our investigators that you should look
into what this guy is talking about here
because there's really serious trouble
here so we contacted some people for
example with the national council of
churches there there is a Middle East
Division of the National Council of
Churches the bishop browning the
Episcopal presiding bishop is in charge
of in bill wif ler and number of other
people work in this area we contacted
them and began to to do some research of
some investigation into this area and we
ended up talking with Professor Michael
Clare who is a professor of peace and
justice studies in national security
studies up at the five college
consortium in Amherst Massachusetts for
amherst and UMass and the and the other
colleges are and he had been conducting
an investigation since the middle of
1989 that demonstrated that in mid
nineteen eighty nine when President
Gorbachev announced unilaterally that he
was withdrawing from the 45-year Cold
War that he was going to be functionally
unilaterally disassembling the Warsaw
Pact and therefore bringing to an abrupt
and immediate end the Cold War the
American citizenry in general viewed
this with great exultation this was
great news you remember all of the
pictures of them tearing down and taking
chunks of the Berlin Wall you could buy
chunks of the Berlin Wall that were
would have made up the wall of china at
about that time is remember in all the
little stars i think that was great
euphoria there but that wasn't greeted
as good news by everybody in the country
in fact as it turned out the leadership
in the Pentagon and in the White House
and in the military industrial companies
around this nation who have lived for 45
years on the paranoia of this dialectic
with
Russian communism and their threat to
take over the world viewed this
operation with horror and in fact what
Professor claire has done is obtained
copies of the documents that were being
circulated inside the White House and
inside the Pentagon in which they were
exchanging terrible consequences coming
to the to the industry and they began to
scramble immediately to try to develop a
new mission for the military in the
intelligence community of the United
States so they could maintain their
position at the table of formulating
foreign policy for the United States and
so that it would result in the continued
need for massive military expenditures
because as you remember all the
discussion of the peace dividend to
start looking for money now that did not
need to be spent on military hardware
and strategic weaponry could be put into
the fields of education housing you know
a medical assistance for people in our
country job training the other range of
issues that were being discussed very
aggressively at that time you have to
understand that these leaders of
Industry and these people in the in the
military of the United States and in the
White House viewed that as money being
taken from their pocket that they were
being threatened with losing their 300
billion dollar-a-year sinha cure that
they had that in fact in the Reagan
administration's had come to the amount
of three trillion dollars and these men
began to explore for a new mission for
the American military now there were two
basic schools that developed according
to professor Claire in analyzing these
documents which has now been given to
the Christic Institute that what one of
the schools of thought the the peaceful
side said look let's insist upon keeping
access to this 300 billion dollars a
year of tax monies from the average
working citizenry having it come to us
and what we'll do is we'll use that to
retool American industry to retool the
heavy steel industry in the
manufacturing industry etc to be able to
compete economically with Japan and
Germany and that was their proposal not
free market free enterprise but major
state supported capitalism of taking our
tax monies our working money and putting
it back in to pay to the private
industry to retool their entireties as
if it was a national requirement to
protect our our liberties in our country
that we had to sustain these industries
there was a second school of thought
referred to within the memos of stuff in
jargon as the prussians that started
insisting that no no no we don't do that
what we need to do is we need to retool
the military we have to admit that we no
longer need to tool a major strategic
warfighting capability we don't need
intercontinental ballistic missiles huge
b-52 stratasys stealth bombers this type
that we don't need that strategic kind
of war fighting machine but we do need
to retool our middle level or
traditional war making capabilities of
tanks and regular fighter planes etc but
most importantly we need to retool for
low intensity conflict because the new
mission for the military is going to be
to provide the military shield for the
northern industrial states and their
continued access to the strategic raw
materials that are needed by the
northern industrial states stating it
Raleigh in bluntly in two separate
papers that that we have here one of
which is is the United States Army
proposal called its january nineteen
ninety paper called a strategic force
for the 90s and beyond and a june
nineteen ninety paper from the
Department of Air Force called global
reach global power and they specifically
by may of nineteen ninety had begun to
discuss the logical candidates in the
third world that might be targets of low
intensity conflict covert operations
secret clandestine programs to
to remove these people as a potential
threat to the access of the northern
industrial states to the strategic raw
materials that were needed and by may of
nineteen ninety they had begun
specifically to discuss the Persian Gulf
and specifically began to discuss Iraq
in Saddam Hussein this is by may of
nineteen ninety and so therefore it
gives rise to a fundamental question
that by May and June of 1990 was there a
covert operation functioning directed
toward and targeting Saddam Hussein as
was publicly accused on the floor of the
Arab summit conference on August tenth
of 1990 by tariq aziz in fact this has
been demonstrated to be true that the
Christic institute has now come into
possession of a classified document from
the Kuwaiti internal security detailing
a November 1989 meeting in washington
d.c between the general of the State
Security Department of Kuwait and the
leadership of the United States Central
Intelligence Agency and we have this
this document which was which was
written by the the secretary the State
Security Department secretary from
Kuwait and he says this we have agreed
with the United States to put pressure
on the Iraqi government to delineate our
common border the Central Intelligence
Agency has given us this view and the
means to apply this pressure saying that
broad cooperation should be initiated
between us and coordinated at the very
highest levels and what this
demonstrates is that by by may of
nineteen ninety there was a campaign
underway being choreographed by the
American Central Intelligence Agency and
the Kuwaiti foreign ministry to attempt
to apply pressure to Saddam Hussein and
it is in this context that you then need
to begin to evaluate what
major strategic objective was of the
military and of the intelligence
community so that when you see April
glaspie on july twenty fifth of 1990
meeting with saddam hussein in stating
to him that we had no i'll get i'll get
very specific about what it is that she
did say when in fact she met on july
twenty fifth with saddam hussein she
said to him in transcripts of this
conversation when asked by saddam
hussein what the American response would
be with regard to their border dispute
her quote was we have no opinion on such
Arab Arab conflicts like your border
disagreement with Kuwait Secretary of
State James Baker has directed me
specifically to emphasize this
instruction to you the very next day
State Department spokesperson Margaret
tutwiler called a special press
conference in Washington and brought in
the national media in the following
exchange took place in this special
conference questions ms tutwiler has the
u.s. sent any type of diplomatic message
of protest to iraq about putting 30,000
troops on the border with kuwait has
there been any form of protest at all
answer from his tutwiler well mr. Kelly
that's mr. Kelly the Assistant Secretary
of State for Near Eastern affairs John
Kelly mr. Kelly has had more than one
meeting on this very subject our
ambassadors in the region are actively
discussing the situation among
themselves but I am unaware of any type
of protest in diplomatic jargon that has
been communicated to Iraq question do
you happen to know if the US has any
commitment to Kuwait to defend Kuwait
for example against aggression answer we
do not have any defense treaties with
Kuwait there is no defense or security
commitments of any kind to Kuwait and on
July thirty-first two days before the
Iraqi incursion Assistant Secretary of
State for Near Eastern affairs John
Kelly himself the boss of these people
States in public testimony to the United
States Congress
that there is no commitment of any kind
to defend Kuwait the US has no intention
of defending Kuwait if it's attacked by
Iraq now you have to analyze those types
of communications going into Saddam
Hussein in the context of this
particular scenario that's being
developed it is evidenced dramatically
by these internal White House and
Pentagon studies naming Kuwait naming
them as a potential target for covert
operations to justify the new mission
for the the military-industrial complex
and for the intelligence community and
if anyone has any doubts as to whether
they were self consciously aware of this
program I refer you to Richard Armitage
and the statements that he made to the
Washington Times the Reagan
administration assistant secretary of
defense for international security
affairs and now the special Middle
Eastern envoy for president bush and he
states this in the washington post in
the washington times two different
newspapers he says those who so recently
predicted America's imminent decline
must now confess that the United States
alone possesses economic moral and
military horsepower to jumpstart and to
drive international affairs now in this
is the man of course Richard Armitage
who personally helped deliver the
missiles the tow missiles to Iran as
part of the secret team and that brings
us to a very special set of information
which I think that you probably have not
heard prior to this evening the Christic
institute is now in possession of
formerly classified Central Intelligence
Agency transcripts of a specific
conversation that took place with
between Oliver North Richard C chord and
Albert Hakim familiar names to us all
especially those of us who've been
prosecuting these very men
as part of the secret team for this time
a conversation going on between them on
October 29th of 1985 in the midst of the
negotiations with the the Iranian second
channel a relative of rafsanjani the man
with whom they were cutting the tow
missile deal that in addition to
promising to deliver to them the tow
missiles in complete criminal violation
of the arms Export Control Act and in
violation of the prohibitions by
Congress these men agreed on October
29th of 1985 to overthrow Saddam Hussein
specifically made the promise on October
29th of 1985 in certified Central
Intelligence Agency transcripts of those
conversations and in 1986 bani-sadr the
president of Iran's Revolutionary
Islamic Republic told The Associated
Press that all of the dealings between
Iran and this group of men were based on
their direct agreement reached in late
nineteen eighty-five that Iraqi
president Saddam Hussein would be driven
from power by the United States now this
is the conversation that took place in
as i said october 29th 1985 in frankfurt
germany between the leadership of the
secret team working with george bush and
the Iranian government and from that
point on they began in prior to that
they began a major supply of weapons to
Saddam Hussein in fact the secret team
of Richard C chord Albert Hakim and
oliver north and and these men along
with Sarki saginaw Leon who are listed
together as you can see an Oliver
North's notebook a page from Oliver
North's notebook sarkeys Cunningham
Klein's Secord specifically running guns
to Baghdad and we're not talking about
chump change here my friends we are
talking about fifty billion dollars
worth of military equipment
being criminally communicated and given
to Saddam Hussein and why was it being
given to Saddam Hussein well therein
hangs the tail my friends because this
is the history of what went on there
this began back in 1953 when the 5412
Committee of the National Security
Council at that time chaired by Richard
M Nixon as vice president chairing the
5412 committee initiated the first major
criminal covert operation of the agency
called Operation Ajax which was to
overthrow the democratically elected
government in Iran of Mohammad Mossadegh
specifically why because Mossadegh the
democratically elected leader of Iran
had threatened to nationalize the
British owned oil fields in Iran I had
to kind of ask yourself how did the
British end up owning the oil fields in
Iran but that minor question aside the
point is that the United States Central
Intelligence Agency the same people
under Richard Nixon overthrew that
democratically elected government and
put into power the shah of iran mohammad
risa Papa levy and put him on the royal
throne and began to supply massive
military assistance to him to sustain
him in power at the same time they began
to provide criminal intelligence
information to him to support his Saavik
the worst terrorist secret police unit
in the world at the time and in case you
don't take our word for it take the word
of Amnesty International in their 1986
report Amnesty International reviewing
the shah's government and the the SAVAK
said that Amnesty International has been
declared to have the highest rate of
death penalties on the planet it has no
valid system of civilian courts and it
has a history of torture which is
absolutely beyond belief there is no
country in the entire world that has a
worst record in human rights than Iran
under the control of the Shah of Iran
placed in power by the criminal elements
of the Central Intelligence
and with this type of instability with
this type of Terror being wreaked upon
the population to generate an unstable
revolutionary kind of displeasure in the
population we begin to supply at that
time 22 billion dollars worth of
military equipment to the government of
the Shah of Iran through Richards E
chord and Albert Hakim supplying this
military equipment and so that when
you've created a nation that hates you
enormously refuse you as the devil
incarnate you have created forces of
unrest in that country that makes it
almost inevitable that they will fall
and of course when they fall from power
and are then in possession of 22 billion
dollars worth of military equipment what
steps are then taken by this criminal
cabal within the Central Intelligence
Agency the secret team why of course
they begin to supply 50 billion dollars
worth of military equipment to their
neighbor Iraq in Saddam Hussein and of
course they encouraged Saddam Hussein to
invade in the reagan-bush administration
in 1980 specifically gave permission to
Saddam Hussein to invade Iran because
Iran was saying nasty things about the
Reagan administration that in fact they
were insulting them in calling us the
evil empire etc and so therefore Saddam
Hussein went on and invaded iran and
began the iran-iraq war for which he's
been roundly castigated as you know by
the administration without their telling
you that he did so at their behest and
that they in fact then began to supply
him with masses billions of dollars of
military equipment in complete criminal
violation of the law they were
absolutely forbidden to give military
equipment to Iraq in the same way that
they were forbidden to give military
equipment to Iran so therefore they used
the exact same secret team the same
off-the-shelf enterprise to supply this
military equipment to Saddam Hussein
until they had created the fourth
biggest military power on the planet why
to help crush the sixth biggest military
power on the planet which they had just
gotten through create
the Richard C chord in these other men
supplying 22 billion dollars worth of
military equipment to them and then they
decide that they need to send in five
hundred thousand united states citizens
and put them at risk to overthrow this
government and they tried to tell us
that they are intelligent men running an
intelligent system and what George Bush
does is what does he do when faced with
the unequivocal diplomatic reaction on
the part of the United Nations that one
day after the invasion of August second
the United Nations Security Council
votes 14 20 demanding immediate
withdrawal of the Iraqi troops and a few
days later votes 13 20 to impose
economic sanctions and to follow the
diplomatic route what does George Bush
do unilaterally with no consultation
with the United Nations no authority of
any kind from Congress because they're
on summer vacation sends 250,000 United
States military personnel into the Gulf
what to protect Saudi Arabia
which they somehow thought was getting
set to be invaded is that why they
wanted to go in to protect Saudi Arabia
I would suggest to you that there's a
different reason because in fact it was
Saudi Arabia that was supplying millions
and millions of dollars to the
enterprise to the secret team to the
Reagan administration when they couldn't
get the money from Congress as you
recall they went to Saudi Arabia and got
the money in many many people have been
speculating about what type of
obligation the Bush administration had
incurred as a result of this special
relationship with Saudi Arabia such that
now thousands of American citizens have
been placed at risk and jeopardized in
the Persian Gulf War to repay the
criminal debt that was generated from
Saudi Arabia who were criminal
co-conspirators with the enterprise to
circumvent the Constitution of the
United States and the direct
prohibitions by Congress under their
constitutional authority forbidding them
to mount military efforts against
Nicaragua and also against angola in
violation of the clerk amendment and so
George Bush then starts putting pressure
on the United Nations demanding that
they give him the authority to invade
but stated publicly stated publicly in
the October thirtieth of 1990 that he
was going to send military troops of the
United States in to invade in militarily
roust Saddam Hussein from Kuwait whether
the united nations voted to let him do
so or not because he said he wasn't
going to reply rely upon the United
Nations he was going to send them in to
defend vital American interests and that
he was going to do so even if Congress
didn't give him any authorization to do
so even though they have the exclusive
authority under article 1 section 8 to
declare war and so what does he do he
sets upon telling the Congress he's
going to send in the invasion troops and
then he goes and he starts to put
pressure on the individual members of
the Security Council to try to give him
a resolution authorizing military force
and how does he go about doing that I
would suggest that you listen to the
reagan-bush administration secretary of
the Navy
not a liberal man not a liberal general
critic of the administration James Webb
who states to the Washington Times that
these UN resolutions against Iraq mean
absolutely nothing at all he said those
were bought and paid for by James Baker
using our money our taxpayers money to
do it and he states that I have in fact
quote come to believe that we have been
intentionally maneuvered into war by the
Bush administration and how was this
done this was done in the following way
by targeting those members of the United
Nations Security Council in george bush
in total violation of his constitutional
duties and without any authority from
the united states congress whatsoever as
is mandated by the law does the
following he unilaterally forgives the
multi-billion dollar debt of Egypt in
support for their vote he gives a 140
million dollar loan to China in exchange
for its vote while everyone else was
condemning China for the massacre of the
students in tenement square he remained
steadfastly silent and instead gave them
a 140 million dollar loan in exchange
for their vote the Soviet Union on the
Security Council was promised seven
billion dollars in economic aid in
direct exchange for its vote Columbia
was promised additional military
assistance Zaire was promised more
military aid and was forgiven its depth
to the United States in Saudi Arabia was
promised 12 billion dollars in arms in
exchange for its vote but my favorite of
them all is that the United States
finally agreed to pay off the 187
million dollars of back dues that the
Reagan administration had refused to pay
to the United Nations after the vote
now if there remains a need out about
the type of coercion that was involved
the only two countries voted against the
resolution one was Cuba the other was
Amon in the day after the vote all
foreign aid from the United States to
Yemen was terminated now this is the
type of conduct that was engaged in by
the Bush administration and the Bush
administration made it manifest that he
was going to send the military troops in
even without the authority of Congress
so Congress rose up upon its knees and
and thrusts its chin into the fist of
George Bush and said well if he's going
to do this anyhow we'd better say it's
okay and then they engaged in an
absolutely unconstitutional
unprecedented delegation of their
constitutional authority their unique
and exclusive authority to declare war
under article 1 section 8 and gave the
authority to President Bush to decide
whether or not to declare war completely
unconstitutional in their conduct now
these are these are just some of the
facts that are there that are glaring
facts that are as conspicuous as any
second-rate burglary in the history of
the United States and this is
information that is going to come to
haunt this administration because when
the American public come to learn that
they have been deceived when they have
been been convinced that in fact the
euphoria that they have been subjected
to and at the higher the euphoria the
better it is because when the people
know that they have been betrayed that
their emotions that their heart that
their sentiment has been be fouled by a
man like this and manipulated by the
very same criminals that brought us the
iran-contra crisis that sold the
missiles to Iran are the men who sold 50
billion dollars worth of military
equipment through the same criminal
combination to this man Saddam Hussein
the American people are not going to
tolerate that in just as in any trial
the happiest moment that I have in any
trial is when the other side has put on
their star witness and they have
testified and the jury is is 0 convinced
that they must be right when you have
taken that person apart and you have
demonstrated that they have wilfully
misled that jury that they have played
upon the emotions and the belief systems
of that jury to try to falsely convince
them in this case that they have been
participants finally in their generation
in at least one just war that these
people will recoil from this
administration these people will hold
these people to account for what they
have done to the American people and we
are going to participate in that because
because the Christic Institute is not
any more dead than the peace and justice
movement we argued our case last week in
the federal court of appeals and we drew
the three-judge panel and the
three-judge panel was chaired by by
Judge Joseph hatchet the only black
judge in the Federal Circuit of
n-double-a-cp litigation attorney and
member of the Urban League appointed by
Jimmy Carter who in the last who in the
last two years has authored opinion
after opinion condemning summary
judgment in overturning summary judgment
after summary judgment pointing out that
this is an absolutely inappropriate way
for trial judges to deal with cases and
we also have on the panel the former
chief judge of the Eleventh Circuit
Court of Appeals judge roni the most
expert judge in the entire Eleventh
Circuit on rules of evidence which is
exactly what this case needs to be able
to point to the particular rulings that
were made by Judge King where he took
each piece of evidence and came up with
some stupid analysis as to why it was is
unacceptable for example the sworn
testimony of Jack Terrell saying that at
shortly after the bombing I was in the
home of a doleful culero in Miami he
says with john hall in with rob owen and
with Felipe vidal and we sat in the room
and felipe vidal turned to me in the
presence of all of these men and said
we're the guys that put the bomb under
eating past Dora and but we missed him
because of bad timing and we'd like to
hire you to carry out a second
assassination attempt against him and
when this information is put in front of
Judge King judge King says that's
hearsay these are direct criminal
admissions by the ones participating in
the direct immediate hearing and
presence of the co-conspirators an
absolute you know freshman Law School
lesson in non hearsay and he said even
if it weren't here say he says they
didn't use the word LaPenta
you kind of wonder how many times that
Eden past dora has been bombed in his
life right and so that and then when we
when we brought on the the Attorney
General of Costa Rica who testified
under oath at length to the vast number
of tests that were done the
investigations that were done listing
all the names of the experts in Costa
Rica who did the investigation of the
bombing and analyzed the detonator in
stated to a certainty that achmad Khalil
is the guy who did the bombing and if
they had come to the conclusions that
these people have done the bombing judge
King says that's unreliable testimony
the Attorney General of Costa Rica that
supervised the entire investigation and
then we have a we have an affidavit from
aguado a man who was in meetings with
john hall in Tsavo dario prior to the
bombing who state that they agreed
specifically in the meeting to carry out
the assassination of eden pastora and
the judge says well that translation
that you have of that hasn't been
certified by an officially recognized
miami court reporter so then when he
goes through this entire process he says
that's ignoring 15 other separate pieces
of evidence about the bombing he said I
find that you have no evidence here at
all I find that no rational person could
possibly believe that John Hall had
anything to do with this bombing now
this puts him in a somewhat embarrassing
position in light of the fact that john
hall now stands indicted for
first-degree murder for the lepen kabbah
me by the Costa Rican federal government
the john hall on the same evidence that
was put before Judge King stands
indicted for massive cocaine smuggling
and first-degree murder it is the
subject of an extradition warrant now
seeking his extradition from the United
States to be returned to Costa Rica for
first-degree murder trials now it puts
judge Kings position in a slightly
embarrassing situation and I think that
the Court of Appeals recognizes that it
is aware of the fact that if any
pretense of integrity is to be
maintained in the American judicial
system that they cannot sustain a
judgment of that nature on the basis of
the evidence
is before the federal courts as we
gather so i am telling you that we are
coming back from some ostensibly death
that we have not passed from the scene
that you can meet us on the road to
Damascus that we are on the road to
Miami and we will bring these people to
justice and I'm telling you that the
peace and justice movement is not dead
in this country because the information
that I have set forth you will be
brought to the American public it will
be set forth to the American public and
when in fact we all gather together this
time next spring will be able to say we
in this country are doing fine thank you
very very much
taking it around Daniel is it possible
we can get the Federal Reserve Act of
1913 repealed and is there a way we can
get the international bankers
conspirators in jail oh that that one
has to one has to move step by step in
dealing with the the problems that are
presented to us in I think very graphic
form in this particular case the
individuals that we have before us in
this case are an element of the national
security state bureaucracy who have been
engaged in a long pattern of criminal
activities that the there may there are
a number of other strategic problems
that go on in the country and outside of
the country that are not within the
jurisdiction of this particular case now
this now the defendants find that hard
to believe they think that virtually
every single thing they've done wrong in
the last 40 years is now up in front of
them but the fact is this is the area
that you raise is quite beyond the
jurisdiction of this particular case I'd
like to sort of focus on this to answer
the folks questions soon we really get
the thing Billy
did you hear April Gillespie's testimony
today no I've been about what I
understand from what I've gotten from
other people is that she's been
backpedaling side sliding and trying to
suggest that there are portions of her
her statements to Saddam that were left
out by his statements and ours I'm not
sure what she said I'll to take a look
at my Banda mentally what you said was
that she said yes we we don't have any
interest in Arabic difficulties but you
cannot solve this using violence that
was so you haven't heard that yet well
no but it's perfectly obvious that the
administration was fully cognizant of
the fact that he was preparing a
military assault they received direct
instructions from the Central
Intelligence Agency over a four-day
period that given the amount of gasoline
that was brought up the kind of vehicles
that were brought up that there was a
deep penetration being planned for that
area it wasn't he doubt about what was
going on at that moment there's there's
an extremely interesting question that
has yet to be resolved and that is
whether the Bush administration was
sending these signals with the
understanding that all that Saddam
Hussein was going to do was to retake
the border area that was subject to
dispute there there was massively
documented claims that Iraq has to
certain areas along the border with
Kuwait for example that Kuwait was in a
particular region where they were slant
drilling under the territory of Iraq and
drilling into a major Lake of oil that
was there and there were very legitimate
claims at least arguably for moving them
away from that area there is a very
strong set of circumstantial evidence
that would lead one reasonably to
believe that what the Bush
administration thought was that any type
of military incursion including the use
of violence was going to be confined to
the border lying areas and for that
reason when when Saddam Hussein's that
look I've got a gripe that goes back a
lot farther than that it goes all the
way back to nineteen twenty-three when
the British set these districts and
created this little area and cut us off
from the sea etc that he thought that he
would just move right on into that
area and secure that now that would
obviously have have gone counter to the
expectations of the Bush administration
but there can be very little doubt at
all I believe that the Bush
administration knew full well that
violence was going to be used and was
sending signals that that violence would
be acceptable as long as it was confined
to a certain area now what I think
Saddam Hussein did is in seizing the
entire territory of Kuwait he was he
would have kept it if in fact there was
a complete falling away of any
resistance but what he was attempting to
do I believe was he was attempting to
barter to say look the land that we hold
right now is no different than the land
that's held by Israel and the
Palestinian in the Palestinian arian on
the West Bank that what we have done in
ignoring United Nations resolutions is
no different than Israel did in
continuing out into Damascus and indeed
what they did in Beirut and the the fact
is that it's no different than what the
United States did and going into Panama
and what I think he was attempting to do
he was attempting to substitute his
leadership for as an alternative to
Islamic fundamentalism on the part of
your arm you recall when Iran undertook
their competition for the leadership of
the Arab world they condemned the united
states in the West as the Great Satan
attacked them culturally for all types
of religious failings on the part of the
Western leaders and basically held
themselves up as the Islamic
fundamentalist leadership of the Arab
world what Saddam Hussein was doing was
quite different he was holding himself
up on a somewhat more objective standard
of saying that if in fact international
law is going to be applied it needs to
be applied even-handedly and therefore
as long as he could at least hold on to
that territory and assume that they
would not use massive military violence
against him it would negotiate that he
could then begin to barter and say that
I will remove my troops from this area
in a major peace conference if you can
get on the table of the Peace Conference
the issue of having Israel withdraw from
the West
and if you can get the issue of Beirut
and of Lebanon dealt with and so that
his effort to raise himself up as a new
leader for the Arab world was much more
subtle that is being pretended there's
no rational support for the proposition
that he was intending to invade Saudi
Arabia there's the the accusations that
he's some kind of slobbering maniac of
some sort that sort of bent upon major
Middle Eastern hegemony is not true and
they know it's not true but what this
they are able to really acknowledge that
they were basically willing to allow him
to use military violence to secure a
part of the border that he had some just
claim to but simply got hoodwinked but
whatever the answers to those questions
they will not be forthcoming from the
administration they're going to have to
be pried out through cross examination
under sworn testimony I mean there's not
any reason in the world to believe that
April glaspie is going to tell the truth
to come forward and simply say oh look
I'm not under oath I'm not required to
provide any documentation for what I'm
saying you have an administration right
there the national security agent of
which constantly constructed fabricated
chronologies of the entire iran-contra
episode who destroyed papers who
fabricated information now the
credibility of the Bush administration
and their their staff is absolutely
non-existent in fact well I think be the
subject matter of a major report from
Bill Moyers Bill Moyers as you saw did a
recent report call high crimes and
misdemeanors in which he set forth in
some detail the absolutely undebatable
evidence showing the reagan-bush
administration was engaged in
impeachable offenses throughout the
iran-contra episode and he listed in his
februari 25th special called Operation
sensor a the top 10 most important
stories that have not been reported in
the United States the number one story
of which was the direct personal
involvement of George Bush in the
criminal activities of the iran contra
operation i believe i believe
that what you're going to see
forthcoming probably from bill moyers is
a high crimes and misdemeanors to which
is going to be dealing with george bush
and what he has done so there's no
reason to inherently believe these
people that are not under oath that
they're perfectly capable of fabricating
and constructing any type of rational
sounding story right at the moment and i
wouldn't believe them for one minute at
this time well the other point would be
how do you see this this story really
coming out to the point where the
American people will believe what you
have outlined I think I think that again
i think that bill moyers is one of the
the bright hopes here i think that
you're going to see the information
coming out you know that when the when
the San Diego Union starts to ask
questions like this it isn't because of
their own investigative reporting I can
assure you it's because of memos being
sent from the Christic Institute from
articles being written in the village
voice from articles being written in
other types of less lesser newspapers
their alternative media from shows that
are going on national public radio in
pacifica that there as soon as they know
that an adequate number of American
citizenry know this information they're
going to be compelled to come forward
and respond and the key is is to get
them in a context where they have to
testify under oath I mean these people
in the administration in the Congress
think that if you play someone under
oath it's like calling them a liar while
you are going to call me a liar are you
here I'm not going to come now that's
exactly what they say I mean it was just
like ed Meese saying I didn't place
anybody under oath and I didn't ask them
any questions under oath I didn't
require them to bring in any papers or
anything like this because this wasn't
an adversary proceeding this was just an
inquiry and when they were confronted
with just a simple inquiry they lied
they fabricated information they
destroyed documents they did all that
kind of stuff because they believe that
they're justified they believe that
they're seeking and serving a higher
calling the alleged national security of
the United States the national security
united states that leads to five hundred
thousand united states military
personnel having to try to undo 35 years
of criminal activity on the
this off the shelf enterprise that's a
short answer to your question okay yeah
oh my god show we got to follow the mic
here yeah optimism is heartwarming to
someone who's had a cold hard over the
last couple of months it's just a little
cool it'll be all right granted we have
the nation progressive and mother jones
and even a past me and weeklies had some
reality lady that I couldn't found I
found astounded to see published but uh
how okay and even if your suit does win
how can you really fathom the the in
sort of incestuous relationship between
the corporate back you know press how is
that going to crack you know I mean I
find it you know because I have friends
at a fairly progressive but they think
I'm a kook you know for some of the
stuff I talked about you know I'm
addressing it from reality that everyone
I think I think that what you really
need to do is you need to try to focus
it's the old classic of the of the Bobby
Kennedy used to talk about all the time
is you can look at a glass and it's half
full of water and you can perceive it as
half full or half empty and if you
really focus I don't mean to be trite
but if you if you focus on all the kind
of negative stuff that's going on you
can become quite disheartened but when
in fact you see a guy like Bill Moyers
putting on major nationally televised
shows declaring that they're guilty of
high crimes and misdemeanors when you
see articles appearing in the San Diego
Union calling for a massive
investigation of these things when you
see a group like the Christic Institute
that has these men held right up in the
docket of justice and they're being
confronted in charged with exactly what
it is they're doing and there's major
shows such as cover up that is
circulating the videotapes are going
around we have alternative news stations
and radio stations we have alternative
news media and a very important positive
sign is that the National Organization
for Women now is engaged in holding
hearings around the country looking
toward establishing a new independent
political party in the United
that these are the that you see you see
the the calling together of 50 of the
top 501 c 3 public interest
organizations in the country from the
center for defense information to the
Environmental Policy Institute to the
National Organization for Women the
Christic Institute the other groups
around the country who have spent 25
years some of these organizations
analyzing these important public policy
problems and you see now that on the one
hand while they are despairing there
despairing only in the continued
fruitless hope that the Democratic Party
is going to do anything for them and so
in a certain sense that's a very
constructive type of position to come to
people are saying I feel very
disillusioned well that's much better
than continuing to be illusioned you see
that's what that's what disillusioned is
and that that once you once you become
disillusioned which i think is the
feeling that you're getting that strange
kind of almost depressed feeling that
you're getting is one of disillusionment
and therefore you have to shine the
light now you have to shine the light to
help illuminate what's going on and
that's what needs to be done right now
you need to look at the establishment of
a sunshine party instead of a shadow
government having a sunshine government
and have it set up and that's exactly
what they're going to be doing now
they're going to be they're going to be
setting up a major national cabinet made
up of the sent the chief executive
officers of the major public interest
organizations they're going to be
setting forth concrete positive
proposals no longer saying oh I think
this is wrong with the Republican Clean
Air Act and even these recommendations
by the Democrats are wrong in this way
in this way instead of saying that
what's the positive program here what is
the full Clean Air Act and what's it
going to look like and what businesses
are going to be closed down because of
that what kind of toxic laws are going
to be imposed in what industries are
going to be shut down because of that
and how are those workers going to be
retrained how much public money is going
to go into this kind of retraining what
type of National met
care program are we going to have what
kind of an educational system are we
going to have not that we want to have
what are we going to have we're going to
get this we got to transmute that kind
of attitude it's not as though in a lot
of this is because the a lot of the
public justice movement and a lot of
that is made up of people who sort of
came of age in the 60s generation from
65 to 75 people born from nineteen forty
five to nineteen sixty three and there's
a certain extended adolescence about our
generation and such that we we think
that somehow we're still in a posture
we're going to this Congress made up of
white businessmen in businessmen's
lawyers it's like going to your father
and asking for the keys to the car on
friday night gee pop you know can I have
the keys you know and he'll say well you
can have them for a little while and you
can be back in a couple hours and don't
go off the block you know that that
that's the kind of response that we're
getting and so instead of saying gee
gosh shucks dad what we say is you know
get a job by a car you know go where you
want to go you know that's what you got
to do you got to be grown up it's time
to grow up it's time for a whole
generation across the country to grow up
and to take the reins of leadership to
no longer ask these men what they're
willing to give us but it's time to take
control of this country on the part of
Christian first of all I'd like to thank
you for being here I'm from Riverside
and what I'd like to ask is for your
comments on recent articles by Milton be
orsk in the new yorker and also michael
emery in the LA Times and The Village
Voice regarding separate interviews with
King Hussein in which he detailed how
the United States indeed dip did really
deep six an Arab solution and what
really went on in even prior to the
invasion itself well I think I think
this is is more of the same point that I
was making initially that the the
evidence that has been set forth is
absolutely overwhelming to the to the
effect that there was absolutely no
intention on the part of the Bush
administration of ever effectuating any
type of peaceful resolution of this
conflict they didn't have the slightest
intention of there being any kind of
Arab solidarity demonstrated to be able
to solve their own problems that's the
last thing that the Bush administration
wanted because you have to understand
these people are not part of the New
World Order these people are considered
by the administration and by the new
european economic community leadership
and the new power in germany and in the
Soviet Union are viewed basically as
Aboriginal peoples you see an Aboriginal
peoples are to be fundamentally
distinguished from the bermensch the
apex of biological evolution of
Nietzsche the the dialectical thesis of
Hegel of how in fact they are going to
supplant natural law the natural law and
the concepts of there being a spiritual
power in the universe that binds every
ultimately irreducible integer of matter
and the cosmos together in some type of
harmonious unity that there's any type
of spiritual faculty on the part of the
human family that can discern this unit
of phenomenon so as to be able to
discern what is harmonious or dis
harmonious with this harmony that is
completely antithetical to these people
they believe that in fact that it's a
mythology they believe in fact that
galien dialectics of the only possible
way to seek after any truth and they
have become absolutely convinced in my
personal opinion that they as the
Caucasian race are the only ones as the
apex of biological evolution that should
manifest a dialectical confrontation
between themselves and the Aboriginal
peoples and they have developed a
concept of political science for the
State pursuant to which the entire state
should be organized in such a way as to
gather together the tax monies and put
them into the hands of this type of
leadership and that if any benefits are
to trickle down to the remainder of the
people the Aboriginal peoples of the
world and they don't reach all the way
to the bottom so much the better because
that's exactly what Darwinian selection
is all about that is the survival of
this particular group of people I
believe that we're dealing with an
absolutely serious and fundamental
problem here I think that we're dealing
with an issue of powers and
principalities I think that we're
dealing with people who are in a process
of declaring war upon the spiritual
world of the human family that they in
fact are going to declare war on the
people of religious belief the people of
spiritual belief the people who believe
in the in sustaining life in this world
in supporting the environment and living
in balance with the environment the
consequences of their policies are not
coincidental these are not coincidental
they accuse the Christic institute
constantly of being conspiracy theorists
these are the men who believe that
everything is a coincidence
and so what I'm saying is that these
people have a certain pattern to what
they're doing it is not accidental that
they're all these white male businessmen
and businessmen lawyers in in the in the
Congress the United States it's not
coincidental that the vast amounts of
their money to sustain them each and
every year and in the elections comes
from the mass of corporate side of the
country and it doesn't require that one
be a Marxist in order to have any
insight into what it is these people are
doing because in fact the Marxist are
also dialectician who also reject the
basic spiritual realm and the access of
the spirit to this and have paid the
consequences for that what we really
need to understand is that the struggle
is not between the state capitalist on
the one hand and the state communist on
the other hand in dialectical struggle
the fundamental struggle that is going
on is between the people who believe in
natural law who believe in the
fundamental power of the Spirit the
ability to have faith in the life
sustaining power of the entire planet in
the universe against the men who would
Forge that beauty into power for
themselves and to dominate and subjugate
the rest of the people of the world and
that is why they will conceal this
information from you that is why they
will not allow any Arab solutions to
Arab problems because this isn't an Arab
problem this is a problem that the
Caucasians are having getting the Arabs
oil
can you comment on what I heard I
believe somewhere early on after the
initial invasion that George Bush said I
will not go in I'm not going sending in
the military and that apparently he had
some weekend with Margaret Thatcher
where which must have been semi
interesting but that he emerged from
that then with the plan to go in
militarily I I've heard that particular
story and there's there's very little
doubt that it happened based upon the
sources and there's very little doubt as
to what she was advocating but i don't i
don't believe that george bush ever had
any real intention of not sending the
military in i think it's perfectly clear
that the entire scenario based upon the
exchange of documents and papers and
targeting the Persian Gulf and then
kuwait in Iraq and the the issue of the
oil was all a major pattern that was set
forth here and I think that any time
that he was suggesting that he he didn't
want to oh I really don't want to have
to send in it's you know a lot of this
please don't throw me in that briar
patch you know I don't believe any of
that stuff you know I don't think that
that she talked him into it of this 50
billion dollars of weapons well there's
a major series of articles by mori wasps
in the village voice where he sets forth
the details of this more he's got a lot
of the documentation details of it Sarki
saginaw Leon I has talked at some length
about this the the iran-contra committee
has never looked into any of this it's
what they ask you what effect you think
that the indictments handed down in
Costa Rica will have on your lawsuit
will they be admissible as evidence well
we we in fact have submitted them to the
federal court of appeals we have
submitted them pursuant to a special
order in the court of appeals a special
rule that authorizes the submission of
evidence that would demonstrate that
rulings made by the lower court are an
act of manifest injustice and they've
given the other side a full opportunity
to respond to them
the only response the defendants have
had we say well in factor they stand
indicted a first-degree murder and they
say well that's down in Costa Rica you
know it's like it's an indictment from
all them [ __ ] you know down there
that's basic as basically their their
position I mean Costa Rica that has that
the most the longest sustained democracy
in Central America you know that it's
it's a major position of democracy and
justice and everything else you know
they're they're going to be very very
hard pressed to suggest that that is
anything other than a thoroughly just
and fair set of indictments so that when
we when we've submitted them to the
court we discussed them during the the
oral argument and the judge is set right
there and wrote down the names of the
people that have been indicted and have
that before them and I'm very confident
that they're going to be considering
that evidence as substantive evidence in
making their decision now we got one
more one more question then we're going
to have to we promised the people we'd
be gone by nine thirty I think yeah
there's a lot of conflicting reports
coming out right now about the civil war
in Iraq I mean there are people going
there saying that there is not fighting
happening in places where we're being
told on the television that there is
fighting as running if you could comment
on that and also if you could comment on
what the plan is the u.s. plan for Iraq
in the future well there's two the two
parts of that question that one of the
one of the most serious dangers that
obtained at the present time is that
with closing all of the major media out
of Iraq and giving massive play to all
of this alleged fighting that is going
on in there what you see now you're
beginning to see little bits of pictures
and stuff come out they say oh look at
this ravaged area and they're using
helicopters and they're bombing and
they're all this kind of stuff there
there is a very serious risk that a
significant amount of the damage that
was done by the United States bombing
and the deaths that were caused are
going to be falsely attributed to this
type of Civil War for then it's her own
say oh all of these accusations that we
killed all these poor kids and all that
kind of stuff you know no that's that
was this horrible Saddam Hussein doing
more stuff killing more of his people
that's a very serious risk it's going to
be very very difficult to to get
autopsy's done to show when the the
people were killed and how they were
killed so that's one very very serious
problem in the second half of year the
question was what the what's the plans
the plans the United States has for
wrecked certain set of documents that
have been put together by the United
States Pentagon as to what they plan to
do inside inside Kuwait for example
other than to put the gold-plated you
know faucets back in for the Emir and to
have the Corps of Engineers go around
and rebuild his castle and the you know
his gold plated toilets you know but
there's a there's a major set of plans
going on to reinstitute a non-democratic
fascist government under the Emir and
the the question is to what they plan to
do up in up in Iraq really has a lot
more to do with the question of what
they really plan to do with regard to
Saddam Hussein do they really sense the
promise was that they would overthrow
Saddam Hussein and that they haven't
done that yet and they make all this
noise about well you better not use the
chemical weapons against your folks so
we're going to have to then invade you
you haven't used the chemical weapons
you better not use the helicopters
against those people we're going to have
to invade you you know you better not
use bullets you know so it's not clear
exactly what it is that they're doing
what their plan is at the present time
it's quite clear that they have not
fulfilled their promise to Iran am a don
October 29th of 1985 to overthrow Saddam
Hussein and I'll just I'll just close
with the idea of how important it may be
for them to keep that promise it's
extremely important for you to
understand that the promises that were
made by the secret team of Richard C
chord Albert Hakim and theodore shackley
in his meetings with gabbana fire and
the others that the promises that were
made were not made in exchange for
getting the hostages released which has
not happened that promises were not made
to give them tow missiles and to
overthrow Saddam Hussein
in exchange for getting William Buckley
released what the promises were made for
is in exchange for the Hezbollah and the
Iranians not to release to the American
public the content of the interrogation
of William Buckley William Buckley was
interrogated and has a 400-page
transcript of his interrogations in
which he set forth in some detail the
data showing that deep within the
Central Intelligence Agency in 1976
under the supervision of George Bush and
his director of covert operations
theodore shackley there was operating a
political assassination unit under the
control of William Buckley himself and
that this group was responsible for
instigating a wide series of allegedly
unilateral acts of terrorism undertaken
against the United States the taking of
the embassy the blowing up of the Marine
Corps barracks the assassination of
Malloy Francis Malloy the United States
Ambassador to to Lebanon that this 400
page transcript is the source of living
terror every single day to the Bush
administration and as long as they don't
keep their promise to get rid of Saddam
Hussein the threat of the release of
that document which would in my judgment
bring George Bush crashing to the
constitutional floor remains hanging
over those people every single day and
you need to understand what the real
dynamic is that went on behind the sale
of those tow missiles and the real
dynamic of going on what is going on in
George Bush's mind right now about this
promise that was made in 1985 to get rid
of Saddam Hussein it's in that context
you have to stop and ask what is still
in store for Saddam Hussein and more
importantly what is still in store for
George Bush thank you very much
you